Kevin Kaspar: That's about like.
Kevin Kaspar: keep me on track because I'll go. And I just wanna make sure that I'm actually adding as much value as possible. They recommend side sales.
Kevin Kaspar: Read, demand side.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay, lovely. And so like for this, I mean, we're talking jobs.
Kevin Kaspar: There are a variety of ways that we can do it. And so I we can all do
Kevin Kaspar: jam on this live. Yeah. But I can share
Kevin Kaspar: our journey with it. I can answer questions live, if that would be helpful, based on your journey with it. I know that people are presenting the why behind. Why? For the why later today, and so like, we can also do that there. But what? What would be most helpful by you? Yeah. I would say that
Kevin Kaspar: Jake and I started. He was a student in my Northwestern class. That's where I initially taught him job to be done the 8 years ago. Yes.
Kevin Kaspar: he started a business in college. We'll go through his whole founder story.
Kevin Kaspar: But that didn't work out, but he did it. Then he defected
Kevin Kaspar: to Deloitte.
Kevin Kaspar: and somehow you found your way back. Right? So Jake applied to techstars, and I rejected him.
Kevin Kaspar: even though I wanted to invest in 1st investment ever in a student.
Kevin Kaspar: But I rejected the ui.
Kevin Kaspar: You remember.
Kevin Kaspar: Where? What are you gonna say? Cause I remember our monthly calls?
Kevin Kaspar: Well, yeah. So we had to come back to the church, because that's what the subject is. Right? Yeah. So I had to go back and say, Hey, I can't let you in this exercise until you demonstrate to me that you actually understand jobs to be done. Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: And
Kevin Kaspar: after a period of I don't know 3 or 4 months, however long it was by the next application cycle. He and I had enough
Kevin Kaspar: frequent calls where it was clear that he was developing mastery of the framework.
Kevin Kaspar: so there was no other founder I had worked with up to that point that had understood jobs more than Jake was able to.
Kevin Kaspar: so so much so to the point, that I'm I can't remember when I introduced you to Bob
Kevin Kaspar: Mid program mid program. Okay? So by week, one of program, though, the why before the why that you saw of his yesterday.
Kevin Kaspar: That's what you presented in week one, that's right. So he showed up with his team, with that level of understanding and insight going into the tech start program.
Kevin Kaspar: So all the other companies were kind of like, Oh, who is this guy? And how did he figure out? All of this is because he and I had been training together regularly
Kevin Kaspar: and implementing this framework. So
Kevin Kaspar: you're gonna plug in at some point because we're gonna show them the work. But I want you to. There we 6 of techstars. What I want you to do right now, Jay, is walk them through your journey of getting into techstars with jobs.
Kevin Kaspar: And then how you then iterated and applied it throughout the program because they're in your shoes right now. That's what we'll start. So you guys are post mentor madness.
Kevin Kaspar: and like the
Kevin Kaspar: right post mentor madness. This is like the week that was added after our madness. And we needed, I guess, together there was a whole dramatic thing. But
Kevin Kaspar: yeah, I I think that like the critical thing. So like, I assume heads are spinning. You met with 20 people, and they told you 30 different things about your business, and like for us
Kevin Kaspar: personally, the key takeaway from that experience is that there is no silver bullet. Nobody's gonna know your business or your problem more than you will but you can pick up on signal and like what I've found is consistently
Kevin Kaspar: building a consideration set and then acting the way that you're you're going to act, but being open and willing to kind of listen and learn same with jobs. Most helpful thing. So like we came into jobs like I mentioned, we
Kevin Kaspar: sell direct to consumer and we had been very successful. We did understand our customers so like the language that they use. We're really good at pinning that down. There's this expression, though, about leaky buckets, as it relates to turn like we. We had a pipe like we would just like literally send people in. They'd pay us once, and then maybe more than a logo went on, but like they would pay us in the week.
Kevin Kaspar: and it was like there was a huge
Kevin Kaspar: issue there. Everyone hated your business.
Kevin Kaspar: Everyone hated your business. Bro, let's talk about it. We talk about food and how common that kind of business idea is. Yeah, it was detestable. People really don't like it, it's true. So I met with it was Amanda, a mentor I met with your mom.
Kevin Kaspar: I she goes. I met with. I've I've met a million one businesses like yours. No one's ever made it over 400 paid customers.
Kevin Kaspar: so like we. And then she said good luck! And then she said, good luck. So we made a post-it note. We were like 400. And the attitude you guys had, I love. This is like, yeah, I mean it really is, though
Kevin Kaspar: I
Kevin Kaspar: it is a constant balance between
Kevin Kaspar: confidence in what you're doing in an openness to learn, a willingness to learn and listen.
Kevin Kaspar: I think that like
Kevin Kaspar: do we go heady first, st and then we go specific into like struggle. I like to go chronologically like you're telling the story of your introduction to jobs. And then how you used it in program like, what did Neil work with you before program
Kevin Kaspar: like, what did he work with you on. So we had like I mentioned, we were like nearly gaining traction, but didn't totally understand why and so
Kevin Kaspar: we started talking
Kevin Kaspar: 2 people.
Kevin Kaspar: the issue with
Kevin Kaspar: our 1st version of the why, before the why was we were speaking to people that were buying our product?
Kevin Kaspar: So we were asking.
Kevin Kaspar: We were learning the journeys and the struggling moments of people, and I had a really tight understanding of why somebody who has a problem that they are willing to pay once for and then churn from us. We're dealing with and I could speak to that, I think, like at this point, you guys have a more updated version of
Kevin Kaspar: the one that I share because I can throw it up here. I told them that you might go through it. Yeah, I I would totally hit it. Basically, we sat down with Bob. And like, this is, we'll talk about this later today. But like we briefly spoke about this yesterday.
Kevin Kaspar: Jobs calls are not sales and it's really easy to conflate it when you don't have traction, and you need to close sales because you're dealing with a cliff, but the better off you are differentiating between the 2 the better off you will be. So something that we did is we just like took a step back, and it was like, alright. We gotta figure out
Kevin Kaspar: why, when and how people are thinking, people go about learning how to cook.
Kevin Kaspar: and we need to do that. So for us, we're coming out of the pandemic. A ton of people picked up a cooking hobby over the course of the pandemic. So we just line up conversations with people that were successful in learning how to close over the course of the pandemic. You had way. More time then. We're now in this post pandemic world. People have less time. So where were the inefficiencies in that journey? And we're going to start plugging the holes.
Kevin Kaspar: Can you give us a small elevator pitch, or like a description of what you're actually doing before we're gonna have to teach people how to cook. So people come in. They plan for their week with us, and we give them recipes, but the recipes themselves are are on a larger learning journey.
Kevin Kaspar: so you can cook as you would during your normal, like typical routine. But at the same time you're learning the hows and wise of cooking outside of just following something steady. Let's give them a little teaser. So, coming into techstars. Where was the business
Kevin Kaspar: traction, wise and otherwise. And then where is it today?
Kevin Kaspar: Just to give them a little bit of frame of reference? With regards to like traction? Yeah, what was the status of the business coming in the tech start. And where is it at now? So we did so I don't know. Maybe a thousand or 2,000, Mr. Going into program, and we're at we close like
Kevin Kaspar: it was like 60 K. Last month, and then as far as capital raised.
Kevin Kaspar: going in program. No, now. Oh, overall, right? Right? You were stressed about it by demo day. I remember that we'll talk about that. Yeah, we've raised 1.6 million. So we raised 1.6 million dollars. Jason, he's got all that cool Vc stuff we're funded by.
Kevin Kaspar: we're going to talk about fundability tomorrow. Yeah, we'll talk about it excel.
Kevin Kaspar: And then we got some like cool.
Kevin Kaspar: So what it what it sounds like is you learned jobs from Neil's class the 1st time. That's so. You were already like you had heard of it. You started this company, which is not your 1st company, and we'll talk about in your founder story and then coming into program because we had worked with you for a while. This was before we required everyone to do Jtvd in the in the process, so he was the only one that knew it. You come in with this.
Kevin Kaspar: What I'm hearing is that you were interviewing your own customers, and it was like not very helpful or scalable because they had leading the blind. I'm asking someone who doesn't know how to cook about their journey, of learning how to cook.
Kevin Kaspar: And so it's it's not as helpful as talking to somebody who
Kevin Kaspar: has gone through the process of of learning how and like, really understanding what that journey is. They're not going to buy zest, but that doesn't matter, because I don't need to sell to them. I need to sell to them 3 years ago.
Kevin Kaspar: And so it's basically
Kevin Kaspar: realizing that we exist on that. Continue. So this was your screening criteria. You did a whole round here. And then during program, you made a different screening criteria for people who weren't your customers. That's right. So like, I I mean, I'm gonna repeat things. But this is again where, like, you can double click. I literally think of jobs as like 5 consecutive batteries lined up next to each other, and you don't get 100
Kevin Kaspar: charge on each battle. You lose efficiency at each stage. So it's learning objective and screening criteria. You then actually have to conduct the interview, or sorry you have to source the interviews you have to conduct the interviews, cluster them, and then actually build.
Kevin Kaspar: And you're not going to do any of those steps perfectly. But for us at this point it's like any conscious decision I make to lose. Efficiency is a huge disservice, because you're already not going to be maxed out. So it's like.
Kevin Kaspar: for example, talking to.
Kevin Kaspar: I mean, we've gone through stages of this I used to sell to my friends and think that that counted as like closing sales.
Kevin Kaspar: I used to. We we were trying to build, based on like what people are telling us. And then it was like, why do they keep leaving? It's because we're doing it based on the journeys of people who are leaving. There's just so much noise.
Kevin Kaspar: and then, yeah, so we tighten. We tighten it here
Kevin Kaspar: unless it's like years old, the one that you pulled up. So like, yeah, I mean it. It's still like many, many things, ultimately end up holding holding true. But what we like realize is people
Kevin Kaspar: we're using us. People don't want to learn how to cook. Like people want to learn how to cook. They want to save money. They want to eat healthier, but like what that actually means is different. You put 10 people in a room. You ask them what healthy means to them. And all of a sudden you have again, like way, more than 10 answers to what being healthy is contextually, you step into the kitchen like, what are you actually interested in making
Kevin Kaspar: and so we found that we went into program. It was all college like we were going to sell college students. We were exclusively selling college students. That was obviously where it is still a really good secondary market for us. But all the issues they compound over time, 20 to 35, 35, 35 year old partner that just moved in with someone who they need to marry like
Kevin Kaspar: they're you're like, and it's like you have like kind of these.
Kevin Kaspar: So that's a different cluster that you uncovered in the second round. Yeah, I want to go in order. So which one did you choose to go after? Because I remember you coming in. You said we have a leaky bucket these people are joining. I don't know why they're leaving. Yeah, if you go all the way down. And Jake's hypothesis was, maybe we should just figure out which one has the most energy and then change our marketing
Kevin Kaspar: because he has a really really amazing Cmo, who's like viral on Tiktok. And that's how they get a lot of their sales. So he was like, maybe we're not marketing to the right group. Let's go after a different group, see if they still churn.
Kevin Kaspar: So did you go to number 4? That's the one. This is where we started. Okay, so this was like, basically like what we live in a lonely society. We're coming out of it again. Covid really thought that we could play that up and we thought like, Okay, you go. You leave college or you move into an apartment for the 1st time, and like we're gonna close you. And again, like
Kevin Kaspar: we had good traction. That's where the comments come from. That's like literally where we felt we belong. What ends up being true is we had high exposure, but low conversion. That's right. Yeah, yeah. You said, Traction. I'm like, let's make sure we understand. Oh, yeah, right? So, yeah, that's yeah. Yeah. We we had a big top funnel, but also like at the time, I would say that we had
Kevin Kaspar: 30,000 followers.
Kevin Kaspar: and now, like it's like
Kevin Kaspar: a over a quarter 1 million people. So like you even saw like once you start to tighten that up like
Kevin Kaspar: you continuously kind of get more and more exposure out of it. So we're coming to the end of program. Right? So you're in techstars. Yeah, do this in week. One. What do you do between week, one and 12 to make progress with understanding what you need to do next. Because
Kevin Kaspar: I remember how stressed you were going into Demo Day of fundraising. Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: for us
Kevin Kaspar: the biggest change, the biggest changes for yeah, when we talk at the top of the funnel, we started talking to people who are like
Kevin Kaspar: in their in their relationship, or just like these Gen. General, like.
Kevin Kaspar: what actual information like, I think that we are still like even posting like food content.
Kevin Kaspar: And it's like, people don't need your food content online what they want. They, there's tons of food content online. And that's just gonna build intent in the user base, like, what we need is conversion related, content to speak to the actual moment that someone's gonna be interested in buying. Another thing is like.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay, cool. So when does somebody buy from you? And it's like you're buying from us when you're in bed at 1230 Am. Scrolling through Tiktok, and it's like we lose out on so much intent because
Kevin Kaspar: you're not going to plan for your week at 1230 am. When you're scrolling in bed on Tiktok. So then it's like, Okay, how do you get people in in actual onboarded? How do you give them like the right task to do in that moment? That will give them some level of value from us is our concepts, which we're like continuing to. But how did you find that out?
Kevin Kaspar: What did you do to even come to these like, get these insights. You're observing your customers. Step one this step 2 was talking to people who
Kevin Kaspar: learn to cook outside of zest. And I can talk about those conversations talking to people
Kevin Kaspar: yeah, randomly or like, how did you choose who to talk to those ones were people? So we went on respondent I/O. If you guys are familiar with the site we spoke to people who learned to cook during the pandemic when and not knowing anything about cooking came out feeling like they were really successful in the kitchen. You know. So remember some of these conversations. You have one guy who who made bagels
Kevin Kaspar: for his his friends. You had another person. You had another person who cooked for his wife
Kevin Kaspar: cook for his fiance, and the fiance he was like he was just like, I'm the cook. I've always been the cook, and it's like, Why did you get good at cooking? And she's like the fiance was just.
Kevin Kaspar: and it was like was just so
Kevin Kaspar: abrasive about the routine that they had fallen into that he became like a really good home cook like that was the way that he was gonna lift up his weight. So we did these 10. We clustered them. I mean, we use treehouse, I can. So what was the screen? What was the screening for this second set?
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah. So what I remember is that this was your week one. You have this bad conversion. No one's really interested in talking to you because you have this virality, and they just brushed you off like, oh, you're just viral like, you're not converting. You don't have the sales. Yeah. So he has millions and millions of views. You're not getting millions and millions of dollars. So
Kevin Kaspar: people in mentor madness kind of chewed you up. And then, after mentor madness, I remember, you're like, Okay, well, we need to go back to the drawing board. Yeah, they they were kind of licking their wounds a little bit they kind of got they kind of got. I mean, big time again, like this is.
Kevin Kaspar: we are not building something that is attractive or buzzworthy. I view it as a massive advantage, because that essentially gives us time to iterate and build the foundation of a successful business, not flame out, but just to contextualize it a bit like as a program team in techstars.
Kevin Kaspar: we have companies that we're excited about. There's some companies that were killing it, doing well whatever
Kevin Kaspar: we believe in Jake and his team and his leadership and his energy.
Kevin Kaspar: But the business and the numbers.
Kevin Kaspar: We're not reflecting that belief. It was kind of like, oh, this is a hard business, like we don't know if we're gonna make it, you know, like, we're mid program. And we're looking at this business like.
Kevin Kaspar: not quite sure. Right?
Kevin Kaspar: But trust in the process.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, you got it. There it is. Join the zoom, join the zoom from your calendar. You got a question different than your customer outreach portion
Kevin Kaspar: don't sell during jobs
Kevin Kaspar: right? So all of that was right.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah. So so like again, like I, I know we've said this like a thousand times, but I can't emphasize it enough if you try to conflate your business, slash sales, progress with your with your research.
Kevin Kaspar: you're doing it wrong
Kevin Kaspar: that you're making a huge mistake, and you're doing yourself a disservice there are like.
Kevin Kaspar: I I think, that like when you're as you're building, this is like personal philosophy stuff. But like
Kevin Kaspar: I I kind of call it above or below the line you can build above or below the line, and when you are below the line, the typical things that I've found are like they're they're symptoms like you can come back to it.
Kevin Kaspar: Everyone falls back. You oscillate between them. But at your best you're above amygdala like. If you're driven by fear you're going to screw up because you're not exposed to source. You're not exposed to
Kevin Kaspar: actual truth or putting yourself in a position to build. Well, I find that like, if you're focusing on how much money you're making and exit fundraising, these are things that are going to lead to poor decision making you wasting your time like their outcomes of building. I mean, this is gonna byproducts of business progress, the the exact opposite end of the spectrum, not to not to be touchy feeling, and I can drill in here is
Kevin Kaspar: like you gotta build with love. And like
Kevin Kaspar: the way I I view it as like 3 particular types of love love customer product in employee. I assume everybody in here is a founder.
Kevin Kaspar: They founded the company. Yeah, there we have. That's yeah. So it's, I mean, it's these, it's these 3 things. And when it comes to how you actually are going to ship product, well and make good decisions. That's love of that's love, custom
Kevin Kaspar: you have to like. Listen you. They set you up with a way to actually expose yourself to what people are going through and what their actual needs are. But it's without that. You're not gonna ship something good. I I think that, like the other things are. Are you
Kevin Kaspar: put setting the people up around you to flourish and be the best possible versions of themselves like you're gonna I just, I found when I'm in that zone I'm
Kevin Kaspar: your 10 x
Kevin Kaspar: what they are able to do, and you've got a this was you with the game where it's like
Kevin Kaspar: you. You have to look at your thing and be like, Wow.
Kevin Kaspar: I'm doing like this is so cool and and it's if you're in that Mindset
Kevin Kaspar: Bill execute extremely well.
Kevin Kaspar: 2 of the 3 of those are supply side right? And it's very natural to like, think in terms of supply, side love of product and love of employee. This is what we're good at, and we're gonna bring what we're good at to the market.
Kevin Kaspar: But ultimately the only way to break through is really that love customer that's the most foundation
Kevin Kaspar: piece of this stuff.
Kevin Kaspar: see what I created. So you can screen share if you'd like. If you're comfortable, I I am, I I wanna
Kevin Kaspar: all right. He's searching for a second any questions. Yes, he talked about how he interviewed people who learned how to cook previously. But what we've been learning is that you can look at paid alternatives. Sorry I'm having trouble hearing sorry. Look at paid alternatives also in your screening criteria. Is that something? Did you talk to people
Kevin Kaspar: we hired something else it have to. Must. Let's put it this way is like, I just, I'm not.
Kevin Kaspar: Everybody needs a man's gotta have a code like I I just you need
Kevin Kaspar: I am not
Kevin Kaspar: personally good enough at unpacking language without it hinging on a purchase thing.
Kevin Kaspar: I need to use that in order to like better understand why people made the decisions that they made because without it it's just very, very fluffy like. It's like
Kevin Kaspar: people think that they did one thing you can't really validate that against like, well, you did that like that's interesting. Because you did this like, you can actually create contrast around the decision. I I find it very difficult to do that. If people haven't made an actual. Did you always know that? Or did you have to learn that the hard way? Because I imagine I know a lot of people who are overconfident in their ability to interpret those. I'm gonna say a lot of things in the next 2 days, and all of them
Kevin Kaspar: I have learned the hard way, and I'm only saying like, the only reason I'm transmitting this message is ideally. It saves you. Time
Kevin Kaspar: like that's the value of my being here is that 2 h is going to be worth more than 2 h, because you won't make the mistake of talking to someone that didn't make the purchase or talking to people who like you coerced into purchasing your phone?
Kevin Kaspar: Again. Things that I have done. Yeah, as a teaser, just as an aside to what the appetite a little bit for folks I know who are worried about certain things.
Kevin Kaspar: One very fascinating aspect of Jake's journey that I'm excited to get into at some point during this session, or one of the sessions
Kevin Kaspar: is, I think, I learned from you in your fundraising journey
Kevin Kaspar: that Vcs. Were fascinated
Kevin Kaspar: by how deeply you understood the customer relative to other founders that they interacted with. That was a differentiating point for you. Right? That's right. Okay, I just wanted to put that out there. So what you're hearing from him is a preamble to like. If you understand this really well, it sets you up for a lot of success in a lot of different ways, including fundraising.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, you're yeah. There's gonna be like expert. There's just an expert level of communication that you need around
Kevin Kaspar: what you're really, I mean, we can get it all. Yeah, we will. So for this second round, I want to hear your screening criteria. I want to hear how doing that. So the reason that we do these interviews a lot. So I'm like sifting through like 20, you gotta show them the kitchen. The most important thing is what came of it. How did it
Kevin Kaspar: fixed your business? So one second, Lillian Flo, you had a question. Yeah. For your 1st Gtv set that you came into text. Us with
Kevin Kaspar: you said you decided to go for the 4th cluster. What are all the decision like, what are all the factors that you took into account?
Kevin Kaspar: Do you have a conversation with your team?
Kevin Kaspar: You had a meeting, of course
Kevin Kaspar: they need to know the details. Yeah, that's all I'm trying to say is, I'm gonna slow you down and break you down a little bit. Yeah, because it helps them know what to do. Yeah, exactly where they are today. This is his 1st time doing this. So we're like, we're doing it together like live. But it's kind of fun.
Kevin Kaspar: I'm trying to slow myself down.
Kevin Kaspar: Thought
Kevin Kaspar: it's like.
Kevin Kaspar: because yes, so I believe in talking to your team. You have alternatives.
Kevin Kaspar: Come.
Kevin Kaspar: I leverage tools to build a case. But at the end of the day it's like, gonna be the worst.
Kevin Kaspar: the best, worst possible. Guess like it's like. I don't have, I we I don't have that much information. So it's like we chose 4 because we were appealing to that audience already. We. And, by the way, that was the wrong guess really move away from 4 but we were telling that audience already. The market felt huge, and so it was like we can go. And then also, like, I'll run exercises. So I can like
Kevin Kaspar: you're in the room. This is this is week 6. This is week 8. This is what
Kevin Kaspar: you're in Chicago. So we we did cluster 4 was, we went into program folks. You went into program folks on cluster 4. Okay, that's right. All right. Yeah. And what changed?
Kevin Kaspar: They weren't buying. And it became just evident through mental madness that, like,
Kevin Kaspar: I don't know if you guys are going through this like there.
Kevin Kaspar: nothing is owed to you like it's like you're it. It doesn't matter if you don't have traction
Kevin Kaspar: Like. Truly nothing does, and we'll unpack what traction means. Yes, but you can't just like walk in and be like, Hey, I this, this and this, and like we're God's gift to earth, and everything's gonna happen for us. And we're so focused like, I already have this understanding of the customer. So we're already so focused on this 4th cluster. So were you focused on 4 throughout the entire program? No, what happened?
Kevin Kaspar: It was like mentor madness, mentor, madness gave you realization. Mentor. Madness gave us the realization that what we were doing wasn't going to cut like attraction. Just wasn't it just wasn't good. So then what'd you do after mentor madness
Kevin Kaspar: lick the wounds
Kevin Kaspar: you talk you? I mean, you talk to the team. Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: Met with Bob.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah. And essentially conducted this set of interviews like a new set of interviews. Did it again. Okay, yeah. We we did a new set of interviews the selecting criteria for those interviews. Again, we're like
Kevin Kaspar: you've learned how to cook in the past. You it. Yeah. It was meant to be a pandemic era cook. You now are very proud of your cooking. And yes, you had had that paid for an alternative
Kevin Kaspar: you had to pay. It's not us. Yeah, yeah. This is like, we literally only interview people who had hired something else. Right? Okay, cool. So then from there.
Kevin Kaspar: what happened from there? Because you did your cluster, you did your analysis. You start. So we we were fine. Our why before the why? So the language around it got tighter. The signal, like the signal, was relatively similar, but what we found was that the people that did it really successfully were doing it for other people already like you, just like found that people were generally cooking for others.
Kevin Kaspar: generally had major life moments
Kevin Kaspar: take place that we're not necessarily unique to, I would say, actually happen less frequently for much younger people I'm talking about like a budgeting like it's like you look at your bill, and it's like
Kevin Kaspar: spending this much on board month over month over month, and I need to get my budget in order. Something needs to change. I'm gonna learn how to cook to save money. I'm gonna learn how to cook. So I don't.
Kevin Kaspar: So what came out of your conversation strategically with your team that set the direction for the rest of the program. So that then turns into I had
Kevin Kaspar: that turns into a conversation with how we're advertising at the top of the funnel.
Kevin Kaspar: which is like, what is the messaging that we're using? What is like.
Kevin Kaspar: when are we trying to reach people? And it became like.
Kevin Kaspar: How much do you spend on Doordash in the past week rather than again, a very generic kind of like call, like trending like leveraging, essentially like trending moments, that younger people might just be used to experiencing and what about problem
Kevin Kaspar: product changes we
Kevin Kaspar: talked about when people would find us at night. And it's like, Oh, shoot! You're like in
Kevin Kaspar: that. If you're in bed scrolling. And again. We go through like tightening moments around this. But this was, it was like.
Kevin Kaspar: we need to give you something we need to provide value right away.
Kevin Kaspar: Let's give you something that's gonna and it can't be
Kevin Kaspar: choosing your next meal, and it can't be cooking like nobody is downloading us and stepping directly into the kitchen, like the way that this process actually works is, you download us. In one moment you shop for us, in another moment you cook in a 3rd one.
Kevin Kaspar: And it's like, it's a lot. That's a cold start problem that you have to overcome. And so then it's like
Kevin Kaspar: kinetically, when are people going to be the most motivated? And how can we just get them to the point where they're going to be the most motivated which is like, you're gonna get it on Sunday.
Kevin Kaspar: I I'm going like, I'm going grocery shopping. That's the reset moment. And so it's like, How do you keep somebody engaged to that point. We started changing the product.
Kevin Kaspar: We changed our concepts. They now became like, kind of these front and center pieces of what we're doing rather than an embedded thing. We changed the overall structure and flow. We had like
Kevin Kaspar: kind of like mini modules
Kevin Kaspar: in zest. But it didn't really make sense. What what people were looking for was like, I'm making this recipe, and I
Kevin Kaspar: like it was. It was more about a sense of like a sense of meaning. You hear these like stories over and over again of I work a job that I hate. I come home. I watch. Love is blind. I scroll through Tiktok. And like, I just don't have control over my life anymore. And then it was like, Okay, well.
Kevin Kaspar: it's great. It sounds like a good day. Did I cut too deep? Okay, got it hopefully. You don't work a job. These kind of like training moments day over day and right, it doesn't matter until it matters.
Kevin Kaspar: And so that's the thing where it's like I got disrespect that really it was like shit at home, though it was like that chipotle burrito on a couch moment where like, it's just like, what am I doing? And you're on Tiktok, and that was like.
Kevin Kaspar: you're on Tiktok.
Kevin Kaspar: And so it's we can hit you in that moment with something that makes you acutely aware of the fact that you're on Tiktok living this experience?
Kevin Kaspar: This is like what came out of it, because that's the thing. So when you're doing the interview, you realize, where are they when they're in that moment. This is the thing with jobs is, when are they? Yeah, it's so. It's like everybody is constantly talking about
Kevin Kaspar: again, like
Kevin Kaspar: the language.
Kevin Kaspar: This process has been hijacked. You can figure out if it's being used correctly by hearing whether or not it's supply oriented benefits, features.
Kevin Kaspar: What you're bringing to the market. What we're talking about is latent demand. This exists with or without you. You have no power like I can bring whatever I want. Obviously the thing is the difference between like an invention and an innovation like I can invent a segway. It doesn't make anybody want to use it, you know. But like what we're talking about. And this is a virtual ablo quote is like the greatest changes. No demand are 3% changes on the status quo.
Kevin Kaspar: We're not like doing anything. That's that significant. What we're doing is just kind of slightly recontextualizing how you're approaching your nightly life. And if we can do that, and then we can get you started. And then if we can create a lifestyle around it. Now, that's like we're talking about like the business that we build.
Kevin Kaspar: I think like
Kevin Kaspar: bring it back to the tactical, though those were the biggest changes. And all of a sudden what you saw is like, Oh, shoot! We're actually capturing people. And oh, wow! But what happened? Did your conversion change right after you had those insights? Did Graham go? Graham is the Cmo. Did he go and change his marketing like? What were the implications? Graham changed his marketing or marketing performance remained fairly. If you looked
Kevin Kaspar: this is like we'll talk about like there are different ways to measure your business's performance. You essentially need to maintain all of them at once and understand that there are dark sides to them as well. So from a Kpi perspective, our marketing metrics did not change.
Kevin Kaspar: didn't move at all.
Kevin Kaspar: but like, if you look at the quality of the people coming in all of a sudden. The conversions are going
Kevin Kaspar: like our pay. Our trial started fucking like 10 x immediately. It was like, Okay, it's like, yeah. But it's like we. We all of a sudden like, saw that the people coming in. And it's like, Well, that's weird. We didn't do anything different. And like he'll say, I don't know if they circulate. You owe me absolutely nothing. But in our demo day video like, Oh, there, we're gonna show you. Yeah. So it's like a battle of the week. What is the 6?
Kevin Kaspar: The 6 is this week? 6. 0, this is week 6. It's a battle of the week. 6 influences, Eric serving house. Who is going to seem like he doesn't believe in our business because he didn't believe in our business. He interviewed. He interviewed us, and it was just the most hostile experience. Jake was so concerned. Like literally the day or 2 before Demo day
Kevin Kaspar: he's like, I don't think I can do it. I don't think I can go on stage with Eric. He doesn't believe in us. It's not going to make us look good. I think we're like, it's like, not a good look. And it ended up working out. But what's funny is Eric screwed up.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, on stage. He got on stage at the wrong time. It was so good. Yeah. Yeah. But that was like, that was an experience. It was not. I mean nothing on Eric literally. No like people don't. No one
Kevin Kaspar: dessert like we have to earn everything right? So it's like no one's gonna believe in us just because we
Kevin Kaspar: are here. And so it was like.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, we had him. But the change had already been made. So he's bringing up.
Kevin Kaspar: He's bringing up points. I'm not going to actually go into detail. We'll show them. It's like I,
Kevin Kaspar: he's bringing up points. And it's like, Yeah, I hear what you're saying. But like, if you just look at what we are continuously doing, and to this day it is hell. It's like it's just gonna keep hitting. Whether or not, you believe in it is your choice. But like it's just gonna keep on working. And so those were. That was the biggest change. We had the 10 Exchange. And all of a sudden we actually started growing rather than like.
Kevin Kaspar: how does any like? Why is this? But that was impressive to people just to be clear, like he got grilled on stage. Yeah, we we got torn up like it was clear like yo like, I don't know about this business to be clear like we close money from our demo day speech, or we close money far after Demo day speech people came out of the woodwork
Kevin Kaspar: for us like. And it was just like.
Kevin Kaspar: yeah, it was quite.
Kevin Kaspar: It was quite interesting. Because you don't. Yeah, we didn't feel any pop afterwards things really, we had to prove things out still. We'll talk, but the foundation of all that. Your Demo day pitch your traction, all the effort, the marketing.
Kevin Kaspar: It was all stemming from this jobs inside use. Yes.
Kevin Kaspar: that's the point of this session right now is to talk about how they can make that connection. Do you have more like tactical? So you get those insights. You made a new why before the why, what did you do after that? Because that's exactly where they are. Yeah, okay, so
Kevin Kaspar: slow down to speed up
Kevin Kaspar: this is something that you stress a lot. It's extremely true. But at the same time.
Kevin Kaspar: if you're doing research, it doesn't mean that you can't be building
Kevin Kaspar: and so I think that a lot of the time it becomes like we need to do jobs so that we can act. That is typically not actually the case. We run research concurrently to building all the time. I think that like, maybe if you're getting off the block, it might make sense to like
Kevin Kaspar: really like, if you need to. I just. I wasn't in your meetings. I
Kevin Kaspar: I don't know where you exist. Currently it might make sense to pause, but, in other words, though just to make it clear for the vast majority of you, if not all of you.
Kevin Kaspar: It does not make sense for you to exclusively be doing research.
Kevin Kaspar: You should be making progress on your business while conducting research.
Kevin Kaspar: you can walk and chew gum at the same time. Only so, yes, in some, again, in some cases, if if it is evident to you that the business needs significant change. I'm not saying that you don't have traction yet, and you need traction. I'm saying like things are going to need to change. You need to interview people that you never thought you were gonna have to talk to. It might make sense. But do it really quickly. I mean, Bob, does it in an afternoon like and clear with us. So yeah, yeah, definitely, that's
Kevin Kaspar: Otherwise you should be able to do it. I find again, you talk about above and below the line. People use research because it's fear you're building below the line. You're basically like
Kevin Kaspar: putting off shipping product because you're nervous, people won't buy it. I also think that, like typically people think like we are building to find product market fit. And then we're going to go to market. That doesn't exist like build for distribution on day one. You need to be closing sales, because that's the actual signal. And so like we I like, I taught. We touch base with Bob.
Kevin Kaspar: He has a thing on b 2 b sales. So he talks about the customer and consumer. I think he says user and he uses different languages. But it's like your customer and consumer and b 2 b are different. You're selling into a different person. Who's gonna be using your phone.
Kevin Kaspar: This is where I have a philosophical difference, for like how to help you in this room right now, what Bob would say is, you need to understand your consumer and your customer, and how to balance the 2 of them. I don't believe that to be true. You need to understand your customer.
Kevin Kaspar: There's a lot going on, and you need to be shipping product and closing sales. Whether or not the usership, like the product itself, is lagging behind in terms of use, does not matter. You do need to understand that there is real value, and you need to understand that the adoption in b 2 b is difficult, but, like
Kevin Kaspar: 1st thing is, first, st make sure that you can close the sale. It doesn't matter if the customer or sorry the consumer is going to be delighted with what you're shipping, if you can't make any money on. Yes, it's like I. Yeah, this isn't. But that's assuming you're committed to also providing a great experience for the consumers
Kevin Kaspar: later. That's right. That's right. That is, imply. This is, I mean. It's like, literally, some people don't. And that's why they fail. It's turnaround. You got to turn around really quickly. Understand? That's why Bob said that. Yeah, it's so, I would say, turn around really quickly. Well, the thing is like you've
Kevin Kaspar: I think the other big thing with Bob, and you can fill in the blanks is you. You need to bridge the gap between the 2 of them in the relationship. So like, if you sell into Hr and Hr hands. Somebody, a technology to use. It doesn't matter if the tech oh, when I hand it to the user, the user loves it. And like, when I sell to Hr the Hr, you need to understand how the interplay is gonna happen such that the technology is actually
Kevin Kaspar: and that's different than again, just having something that when in use. It's the attack like you talk about like the 1st moment of like, how do you get people on board in the program, but I would have really really tried thinking about it like again. This isn't to say we're spending 3 years on our customer, and then we're going to spend the next 2 on how to bridge the gap, and then the next 3 on the consumer like these things have to happen in really close succession. But the most important thing is that you're building something that people are willing to pay.
Kevin Kaspar: How are we going to do that? If we're not done with our jobs to be done? Stuff like, how are we going to be building something that people will actually want without being done with the process of jobs to be done. How does that go? Simultaneous? What does it mean to be done with the process of jobs to be done? I mean, I get the nuance behind the question in which you're meaning that you're going to continuously do this after your answer to this question.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, the the thing is you need. I think you need to hit a certain threshold in in a In your job suite done journey to understand the underlying problem so that you can create something that satisfies that right
Kevin Kaspar: threshold is 5 to 1030 min count
Kevin Kaspar: to.
Kevin Kaspar: I I think that again source the conversation as well have the conversations. But like
Kevin Kaspar: this whole, I I don't. I don't. Again. I don't know any of you guys professionally, and so I don't know if these are the issues that you're running into, but like the whole like
Kevin Kaspar: we got 2 conversations this week and another one lined up the next week like that's where it becomes like a little bit like we're just kind of like kicking the can like, get conversations done as quickly as you can, cluster them as quickly as you can. It, shouldn't you? Prop pattern? Shouldn't work
Kevin Kaspar: within like 10 days, you should hear.
Kevin Kaspar: Sorry. So I think, adding on to that point, too like when you're talking about shipping features
Kevin Kaspar: adjacent to do anything.
Kevin Kaspar: How do you balance that? You're not shipping the wrong features, and you go back and pick out something, I think, personally for my team, where we have a pretty built out product with a lot of features. We're building like a really, we have a really mature product, and we have some early free users. The point here is like, now that we're on pay, we realize some things that we built aren't really?
Kevin Kaspar: They're not the core value for
Kevin Kaspar: yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: there's like a really important reframing that like, if you can get it
Kevin Kaspar: done as soon like you again. This is like it all relates to like the it's a matter of perspective.
Kevin Kaspar: again. Don't know everybody, but I assume that everybody is like an a plus student in here like you were like
Kevin Kaspar: a fucking rock star, and like you did the best in of the people that you were around, and it was a competition, and you were absolutely, always winning. And in this game
Kevin Kaspar: there is no, it doesn't exist anymore.
Kevin Kaspar: So it falls apart very quickly. There is. It's a false choice between like we built something, and it didn't work. You win or you learn. There are 2 options.
Kevin Kaspar: and like if you spent the time shipping this, you did the best with the information that you have presently available like this isn't like
Kevin Kaspar: There is no multiverse. It's not like. If only we had done this, we would have done that. You have the information that you have right now act according to the information that you have and just understand, like, as long as you're approaching it again patiently and with the right level of consideration, you're doing the best that you can. And you're going to be able to like figure stuff out based on that prioritize. I mean, we can talk tactically. I think that we have time on later. For, like tactically, how to
Kevin Kaspar: approach these types but to reframe this question a little bit. Yeah, in your experience, what did you
Kevin Kaspar: do when you realize there were features that you had built into your product, that you no longer needed, or that we weren't being used. What did you do? What was your process as a team to determine what to do about that?
Kevin Kaspar: What do we do?
Kevin Kaspar: We just deleted the features we just launched literally last week
Kevin Kaspar: we are currently running. If you guys download zest right now, half of the room will have a different app than the other half of the room.
Kevin Kaspar: It's
Kevin Kaspar: the fee like things
Kevin Kaspar: evolve
Kevin Kaspar: fairly rapidly. And this is all again, like we just have like insights that change the way that we approach this stuff.
Kevin Kaspar: it'll be fine.
Kevin Kaspar: maybe, like the August.
Kevin Kaspar: No, it's a it's a pure play. Random test. Some of you will have a Duolingo esque math experience. Others of you will have a Neil print.
Kevin Kaspar: They're like 2. But but to get detail here, yeah, what did you learn about a feature in zest, let's just say, early on, given where you're at now. You're a stronger place now. But back then, yeah, like. And you. You're looking at your metrics. You're looking at your usage. You're having a conversation with your team, and you're like.
Kevin Kaspar: all right. We thought this would work, and it's not.
Kevin Kaspar: What do you do?
Kevin Kaspar: Because is that your situation? Yeah, so. And I think the question here is twofold like, when you build features, how long did it take for you to see the your metrics go up. The retention was whatever. And then, when did you decide to delete those features and ground it in Job? Just to be clear, he's asking about features in the product. Yes, but obviously everything decision you made was always grounded in your understanding.
Kevin Kaspar: But
Kevin Kaspar: yeah, the the answer to the 1st part, though, is like
Kevin Kaspar: how long it's. It's a context dependent question. At throughput matters. So it's like, I'm not going to tell you 6 weeks, if like, you're getting 5 customers in 6 weeks and like, there's no signal in that. And this is, I'm talking to you guys because you're 2 to me. You sell direct like you're selling direct but it's like.
Kevin Kaspar: I. Yeah, I
Kevin Kaspar: again.
Kevin Kaspar: what was the logic like I I don't. I I don't know how detail oriented. You want to get with this, or I can. I can do it for us, like one is, basically, let's do one example for us.
Kevin Kaspar: okay, just trying to make it one that is, from earlier on we change everything again like so rapidly that, like, I need to resettle, maybe this is a bad example. Remember, we made a huge mistake.
Kevin Kaspar: Remember that huge mistake you made. It's not a huge, not a huge mistake. It was a great learning experience. Okay, I like that reframe. Bro, but that was rough. Yeah, yeah, we lost the best story. We we push programs. So we were on the process of
Kevin Kaspar: getting stronger and stronger in terms of
Kevin Kaspar: growth. But like what we found then was.
Kevin Kaspar: I just wanna make sure that it's actually rooted again in the in the moment.
Kevin Kaspar: so
Kevin Kaspar: I
Kevin Kaspar: zest concepts were
Kevin Kaspar: kind of like these batch
Kevin Kaspar: things in recipes. There were. No, there was no real logic. We were like, we're going to make it a more of a game. There's gonna be a leveling up system that's associated with this game. Rather than just your completing concepts in any given moment. It seemed like like it was just unclear, like, why would I not just cook from a recipe? I understand it's a bit more context. But people really wanted more and more and more context into how far they were progressing. So it was like, Okay, we got to change this up.
Kevin Kaspar: And we
Kevin Kaspar: launched a rework version of zest with levels.
Kevin Kaspar: This was, you could literally like, you need to complete these things, to move to the next
Kevin Kaspar: area of learning. And then you're gonna move to these things. And we
Kevin Kaspar: half of our paid customers turned media
Kevin Kaspar: like we literally lost half of our Mr. This is again like during it's
Kevin Kaspar: that's scary, it's scary
Kevin Kaspar: and so it's like, alright. So to your point.
Kevin Kaspar: the answer is, not we just like the logical answer in that moment would be like, Oh, we just screwed up, and we have to undo this mistake. Let's go back to this old version.
Kevin Kaspar: It's a temptation always. We were because we did such a good job getting so many churned users able to get some of them on the phone and what became clear is that there was no warning for the change. People lot felt like they had lost their progress that contextual moment. But the actual route, the reason that we had made the change itself held steady, and it was like the churn. The churn with this newer version was better than that of the older version. But it was like
Kevin Kaspar: we didn't just upset people with how we went about doing it.
Kevin Kaspar: And so it's like.
Kevin Kaspar: what is again like, what's the actual story behind?
Kevin Kaspar: Why, we're upsetting someone to the point where they're willing to leave us entirely. That was a big one that was a real. That was a really big one, I'd say, like as it relates to.
Kevin Kaspar: sounds like, you guys are free, free users like again. This is just like we're just gonna talk right now. But I'm not smart enough to handle the free users and the paid users. All at once we went to market thinking
Kevin Kaspar: we need to get a hundred times the number of free customers to make the business viable as we would with paid. And also we we decided very early on that like, if we're raising funding for venture
Kevin Kaspar: like we wanted to do it in a way that wasn't a deal with the devil, the Vc treadmill. We didn't want to do it in that in in that sense. And so it's like, Okay, we're gonna prioritize paid. It also helps me contextualize, because I can tell you what your journey was. If you're telling me about the moment that you paid for zest the moment that you did this. Oh, okay, you're already a paid user at this point, like, we will have these research conversations. We categorize them by job
Kevin Kaspar: in a question. It it like there are like 4 questions that will ask and like, it's like, if yes to one, then you're in this job. If no, then okay, these this year, literally without fail, everyone everyone fits into it. It's like.
Kevin Kaspar: it's, it's crazy. And it takes 3 min, 2 min at this point. But
Kevin Kaspar: prioritize that, I would say, paid experience. Also.
Kevin Kaspar: just like
Kevin Kaspar: Simp, simply solve a struggle
Kevin Kaspar: for
Kevin Kaspar: international students trying to earn their bachelor's degree.
Kevin Kaspar: It's like soul.
Kevin Kaspar: the primary thing.
Kevin Kaspar: It will feel like you are solving the problem if you are building, if you are throwing shit at them. But just make sure that there is a grander vision and strategy for us. People plan, and they cook, and they plan again, and they cook, and they plan and they cook. Everything else exists within that cycle. And so it's like really understanding kind of where you're going to
Kevin Kaspar: swat in
Kevin Kaspar: and how that is gonna take shape is is critical.
Kevin Kaspar: Oh, go ahead. Sorry. So can I just understand the answer. As you fill out features based on information. It didn't work with the information that you have from churn users was actually just as valuable as
Kevin Kaspar: yeah. Everything becomes concrete once you do it right? So it's like you're going to. Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: you you're. It's just make sure that you are learning. Learning, though, is not an excuse for not doing so it's like the balance of this right at this point, I I think that like
Kevin Kaspar: we'll talk about this in more detail. We're gonna talk about it later. It's gonna be a part of like what I'm on tomorrow. But, like fundamentally, you're constantly learning within the business for me. I learned within 2, like in 2 ways. I learn with what we're shipping. And I learn with how we're shipping.
Kevin Kaspar: And so it's like, there is what you do. And then there's the way you do it. Okay, both of those. Yeah. But both of those things are going to. You just need to start. And you need to start understanding having some sort of meta understanding of how you're approaching both of those. Because Number one is, you need to be able to train. You need this like.
Kevin Kaspar: you need to establish culture. Literally. Everything that you're doing right now will not change magically in a year. It's not like once we're here. All of a sudden we'll be operating this way. No things get better over time. They also get more existential over time. And you're gonna like, need to operate with that understanding, that frame of mind. It doesn't change. I'm sitting here, feels the exact same way that I felt when I was in tech starts. It's not like all of a sudden, it's magic and different. Yeah, like.
Kevin Kaspar: And this is what I want to build upon. So before we take into the kitchen, because we're about to show you all some of the stuff that he's got right here. I can see you can't. Before we do that, I just want to ask one more question
Kevin Kaspar: coming out of techstars.
Kevin Kaspar: How did you put a process in place with your team
Kevin Kaspar: to continuously learn
Kevin Kaspar: while also trying to grow zest? Because
Kevin Kaspar: you said that you're not just doing these sprints of research, but that you're continuously learn listening and talking to customers. What did you put in place to make that sustainable.
Kevin Kaspar: I talked to every member of my team for 15 min
Kevin Kaspar: weekly. I
Kevin Kaspar: tell them
Kevin Kaspar: things that are. I bet I bet I don't
Kevin Kaspar: like what just language is cool fuck, slack and fuck email. Okay, I wanna I wanna batch. Say, what you want. Yeah, yeah, I'm gonna batch what I have for people nothing like, so little is time sensitive, and I need my people doing the absolute best that they can. It does them a disservice, and is selfish for me to send something just because it's top of mind for me. And so I'm gonna batch what I have as agenda items for them. That 15 min call
Kevin Kaspar: ignore! I'm like flexible, but that's what I have for them. Give them feedback, and then I want to hear every single week. Is there something that I can be doing to better support you in your role? Is there something that I can be doing better in my
Kevin Kaspar: based based on what your view is.
Kevin Kaspar: it might be. Od. But again, these constant touch points, because I need them to use talking about a calendar, Tetris, like I need my people on tethered during the week. I need us getting done exactly what we need to get done, not burdened by noise. And so it's like, how do we reduce it? We also, then
Kevin Kaspar: every week have a hour and a half.
Kevin Kaspar: We are now maxed out in terms of the number of people that we're going to do with it. We call it a retro like stealing the word from Agile. It's it's not really. It's like everything that's going on, we essentially meet, and we'll talk about it, and we call it again our weekly retro. But it is, where does the research come into play, though
Kevin Kaspar: what research talking to customers? Yeah, like, what's the process like, how do you have time to continue to talk to customers?
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, you make the time. What's in place. Is it just a casual thing that happens? Like, yeah, yeah. So we can go into like this from a taxable perspective. How I how I set that up. Yeah, right? But basically,
Kevin Kaspar: yeah, right it which I can like it. It. Basically.
Kevin Kaspar: there are 2 people on the team that primarily spearhead research me and my co-founder. We would still Yup. Well, that's not that. That's not going to change like if there's i i you know you gotta. Some people think they can have someone else do it. You cannot have somebody else do it.
Kevin Kaspar: I, that's okay. Yeah. Okay. A lot of people think that you can't have somebody else do it. I'm sorry, but that's ridiculous, like, what are you? What are you doing? You're building like you're building a company to solve a problem for people. And you're ex, like, yeah, you can't trade off
Kevin Kaspar: the people who are going and finding out what people actually care about
Kevin Kaspar: right? Like, that's like the primary. That's your primary job. This is again, perspective. It seems obvious. But it needs to be said, yeah,
Kevin Kaspar: yeah, that's yeah. It doesn't work. It just doesn't work. And so
Kevin Kaspar: we
Kevin Kaspar: are always on making sure that we're the ones doing interviews. We, we realize that there is an area of research. There are struggling moments that lead up to it. I'm sure that you could cluster them so one of them might be again expose. It's all about exposing yourself to
Kevin Kaspar: build a consideration. Set feedback is a fantastic thing. It doesn't mean you have to go do it, but it does just kind of constantly, just kinetically put yourself in a position to get money, and so I'll have conversations with people that I look up to, and they'll ask me a question that I don't know the answer to. And then all of a sudden, it becomes like, Okay, what can I do to better understand this, or like how big of a priority is it? Sometimes it doesn't matter. Sometimes somebody asks you like.
Kevin Kaspar: do you have people who use your product all the time and stop using your product. It's like, yeah, okay, well, when and why? It's like.
Kevin Kaspar: I should probably know that. I mean, it's like we that becomes research that we conduct. And, for example, in one of the most one of the more recent board meetings that you had, Bob and I were on it. Yeah, you know, talking about right? So the his agenda got completely derailed
Kevin Kaspar: because one of the other very adept smart investors
Kevin Kaspar: who was at the meeting
Kevin Kaspar: this point it out
Kevin Kaspar: that there's a churn problem.
Kevin Kaspar: What's this
Kevin Kaspar: big time, and what we were talking about, and what Jake's agenda was about wasn't addressing them.
Kevin Kaspar: So all of a sudden the entire group
Kevin Kaspar: honed in on that subject.
Kevin Kaspar: But Jake had one secret weapon.
Kevin Kaspar: He had a Y before the why
Kevin Kaspar: for churn for churn.
Kevin Kaspar: Why they leave. And this is like, again, this is like another, yeah, yeah, I'll toss this up because it's not. I'm not doing this.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, you don't do this in service of others.
Kevin Kaspar: you do this because we need it for a team. So sav. And I go, we do a we do a ton of these interviews, and we get to understand our customers more. And what becomes clear from this is
Kevin Kaspar: We are then communicating back to our team, and they need to be enabled and empowered to understand what's going on. Yeah, yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: So we need to put this in plain English, these are the reasons that people turn from this
Kevin Kaspar: right? They complete all the levels in us, they lose their anxiety. And all of this like I can go into. Clearly. There's like writing on this. This one's 1 of my favorites. We're building around it right now. It came all the time. You don't have enough recipes in the app. We have 650 recipes in the app. You cook once a day every day. New thing with us for 2 years you would cook something.
Kevin Kaspar: And so what does that actually mean when you unpack what that language means? It means that I just saw something on Tiktok that I wanted to make. I went to your app. You didn't have it but, like again, if you just do a churn survey, it's gonna be. You don't have enough recipes
Kevin Kaspar: or the like recipe quantity, isn't that? And so it just changes your perspective on what you would build. And then this wait. You just said a really important point. So you're saying, if people just surveyed the people who left you wouldn't have gotten this because you would think the problem is quantity of recipe. Really, it's that you don't have the viral social media recipe. You need to unpack the language of your customer. It's like
Kevin Kaspar: again, it's like, why are we doing this? It's it's just like the least that you owe them is to understand them.
Kevin Kaspar: and they don't owe you any like.
Kevin Kaspar: You know how many zest customers think about zest like daily for a while.
Kevin Kaspar: This method, because they think about their kids, they think about their parents. They think about their relationship like, think about like what you, what you go through. You're not like, oh, thank God, I have uber on my phone.
Kevin Kaspar: It's like you, just these are not things that it's just an empathetic perspective. And so in order to do that, you have to get them on the phone like they don't owe you thought they don't owe you space. Bob says you're not the sandwich. You're the mustard on the sandwich.
Kevin Kaspar: It's like it's these.
Kevin Kaspar: you're just the road that they're walking on like it's not.
Kevin Kaspar: And so in order to kind of hack that system.
Kevin Kaspar: you gotta slow it down and you gotta get people
Kevin Kaspar: but I already. So with this board meeting, I already have this available. And why that's huge also is like, this is what I talk about kinetically. Put yourself in a position to get lucky. It's like that dude is on a trial run joining our board. He and Jason run an accelerator together. They are.
Kevin Kaspar: It's unbelievably successful and also unbelievably successful in consumer subscription apps.
Kevin Kaspar: and it's like he comes here for the 1st time. Very
Kevin Kaspar: very skeptical. I don't know how many of you guys have
Kevin Kaspar: had the experience pitching people. But he does not guilty until proven innocent like it's you're not he, he! Just he really doesn't. Now
Kevin Kaspar: he interviewed. You, live about like like your business and job. That doesn't make sense. You have the wrong mentors all this stuff now, like also, like he's wrong, like he's objectively wrong, right? Like, yeah, he's talking to me. He's like, what are your benchmarks return. And I know that I I, the guy who I get my benchmarks from is the guy that takes consumer subscription as public.
Kevin Kaspar: So it's like, all right, I know that this is probably the right guy to talk to, but so the Vcs don't know everything, but they'll they're very good at sounding like they do. No, they know one thing, and these are the good Vcs know one thing, it's business model.
Kevin Kaspar: It's like they they understand. If you're bullshitting them on on a business.
Kevin Kaspar: Everything else is on you. It's incoming on you. And so it's like, Yeah, he he was talking to us about this and I just happen to have that available. And now the dude's meeting with us outside, because he's like us like that's like, you see, the moment when it turns for somebody, and it's like you just put me like you just put me in a position.
Kevin Kaspar: Be able to show this because I just know that we've been. How you approach. One thing is how you approach everything. Well, I gotta have your back in that moment, I remember, because it was getting off, and I was like, I think Jake needs to pull something up that you all need to sleep. Yeah, yeah. And then we talked about it. So that was good. That's I mean, that's why.
Kevin Kaspar: maybe. Yeah, but not right now. But it's also like you talk about that even with you. And it's like you have to.
Kevin Kaspar: You have to earn this over years. It's not like you don't like randomly know that something like that's going on. It was like, Hey, Neil Neil said in me. He's like, you remember that niche document. You showed me that one time you toss that up right now because he he did this. He did this not for show. He did this as an internal resource. How many people on your team? There are 5 others. So it's 6 people at the company. He makes that document you just saw, just for their own internal purposes, to understand what's going on. I need them to operate.
Kevin Kaspar: So I need to do everything that I can to put them in a position to succeed. They need to do everything that they can to put me in a position and you struggled. You reached out to me early on when you were trying to do that because you were having trouble getting customers on the phone that had left. It's really right. Turn interviews are really hard source. Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: okay.
Kevin Kaspar: yeah, it. It isn't that standardized for us. So
Kevin Kaspar: it is when research questions arise that would require to see people. We want to be speaking to people.
Kevin Kaspar: my co-founder constantly. She has, like calendar links up
Kevin Kaspar: so she can get just again, just like connecting to a customer kind of aimlessly. But again, you just kind of like, build trends over time. But for point of research. Specific moments have come up. So, for example, I was trying to do it from just a second. So struggling moment
Kevin Kaspar: investor asked me a question. I don't know the answer to it. I don't need to do it to get my investor an answer. I need to do it because he's asking me a question that has to do with the operations of my business, and I don't know the answer to that. I mean, it's fairly
Kevin Kaspar: another one would be.
Kevin Kaspar: we have a primary Kpi and secondary Kpis ones lagging behind. We just launched something we don't understand why it doesn't work. So this is like, what 2 of you was talking about, where it's like we have all these features. We don't understand why people aren't using them like.
Kevin Kaspar: let's talk. Let's talk to people based on useful.
Kevin Kaspar: so sorry. One more thing. The other thing that came up in that same meeting, I think, was the debate between proven and unproven assumptions.
Kevin Kaspar: Yep, remember, yeah. And you were trying to decide. Do I go with the thing that we have a hunch about? Or do I go with the thing that we have evidence to do. Yep. And it was an interesting philosophical
Kevin Kaspar: debate. Yeah, about whether you can take an action based on an instinct relative to your anecdotal references versus the things that you had more objective criteria around. And this ties actually more to your question, because it wasn't 0 sum like it was literally like, we know, these things are wrong versus. We know the magnitude and directional change that we need to see happen in the business, and we believe strongly that making this huge change, not based on what we currently have, is going to be important. But we have limited.
Kevin Kaspar: And so it's not like we can do this for that. It's like, how do we? What's this?
Kevin Kaspar: The spread in terms of the time that we're dedicating to this.
Kevin Kaspar: we'll talk later. I I think it's really important to have a standardized again. How do you get work done? Because, if you understand, if you're not constantly scrambling for that. Next thing. If you're not like distracted by the fact that you're building currently and you can build and also make room for this research, you're going to be in a better position to succeed, and I don't think that it's a function of having the time
Kevin Kaspar: to do I I think that it's actually it's it's less of like what you're doing. It's more like how you're setting up what you're doing.
Kevin Kaspar: Sorry, near, we're gonna do nearest question first.st
Kevin Kaspar: This little conflict that I'm like having in my head when you say that.
Kevin Kaspar: so typically when we're doing job synthesis
Kevin Kaspar: there's like a clear statement that comes from the customer that we're interviewing versus what we're hearing
Kevin Kaspar: versus this entire testing of the hypothesis which comes through. So whenever I hear a statement from one of the job interviews, it's very objective thing. This is why I want this.
Kevin Kaspar: But at the same time the emotional energy is something different, entirely the same as showed in like the journals like although they're mentioning, there's not enough recipes there, but their actual motivation is something else entirely. But at the same time that's also like a hunch that you have. So how would you keep it on track, whether it's like a bias that you're conflicting on that assumption versus that actually being the case.
Kevin Kaspar: So the short answer, you'll get on a lot of people.
Kevin Kaspar: It's like they don't actually care about the answer. The short answer is, try your best, the the you have to unpack language
Kevin Kaspar: to the best of your ability. I want this
Kevin Kaspar: 5 wise is like a Toyota thing, but it really does function really. Well, here, this is a
Kevin Kaspar: you can't take what they're saying at face value. You have to unpack it. So when that happens, you don't just go okay and move on. You go. Okay, let me make sure I understand what you're saying right? Yep. And and there are. There are actual tactics to do this. So I do. I do multiple things like getting to asking something that, you know, is wrong
Kevin Kaspar: in these interviews is actually very helpful. Don't be paid like not in a patronizing way. But let me just
Kevin Kaspar: repeat this back to you to make sure, even just repeating back like, let me repeat it back to you to make sure that I got this right. What you're asking about is when you're shipping product. You want to make sure that you're measuring the outcome. And as it ties to jobs, and it's like, no, that's not quite what I was saying. What I was saying was this.
Kevin Kaspar: and it's like, I think sometimes it's just like people will talk about these tactics like it's well lie. Well. Why, there are ways that you are coming on to tease out what those answers are. Contrast is the other thing.
Kevin Kaspar: It's like, I,
Kevin Kaspar: job will say, or Bob will say, Yeah, he says, context creates meaning. A contrast creates value.
Kevin Kaspar: And it's being like.
Kevin Kaspar: I. I understand that like, give give me an example of what you're talking about. Does it also happen in this case? No, it's different because of this. Like, give people the ability to highlight the the blank space and the dark space in the image. And and fill that in this is the kind of analogy that's used where it's like you got this kind of builder layer. I think the easiest
Kevin Kaspar: way to like right away when people 1st start these jobs and they really engage with it. You'll get to that quay layer really easily where people are giving you their opinions. They're giving you hypotheses that they have but in reality, like there exists an entire other bedrock
Kevin Kaspar: of which their behavior relies on. You want to make sure that you have that.
Kevin Kaspar: Now, what's gonna happen is ideally, you get to that headline.
Kevin Kaspar: You have selected your interviews really? Well, you've clustered them really. Well, you've
Kevin Kaspar: brought it into the actual product as best as you can. And then, all of a sudden,
Kevin Kaspar: real example from for us, it's like none of none of people are doing the concepts.
Kevin Kaspar: So we brought them in, and we know that you want to engage with them right away. But that's weird like, then people don't do them. They're not like engaging with them that deeply. What are the concepts? The insest? Sorry, the learnings, like the way that people learn outside of the rest? Okay, so you have, like learning modules, learning modules. Okay, and it's like, Okay, people aren't doing it.
Kevin Kaspar: And so then you try putting some things in the recipes. And it's like, Oh, people engage with it a lot when it's in the recipe. People don't want to. You're not tick, tock, and like
Kevin Kaspar: the New York Times, who you want to go up against. It's like the 5 min of like I'm about to do this thing, and I want to bring attention to the moment. That's a really good moment to get people to engage with those types of learnings.
Kevin Kaspar: you've done this to the best of your. There's a Heisenberg quote. Science is not our best understanding of reality. It's the. It is reality exposed to our way of measuring.
Kevin Kaspar: These jobs interviews. They are not the truth. They are the best truth that you have been able to come through through your way of processing it. So then follow signal down the line. And that's where it's like, Okay, we're actually finding this other thing out. Let's get these people on the phone and find out what's going on. And that's like an impetus as well for like jobs. Now, I want to make sure that I bring that to a struggling moment, and it'll happen
Kevin Kaspar: in.
Kevin Kaspar: That's a that's a product measuring thing. So it goes back to the example where it's like, yeah, this feature is like not performing the way that it's meant to. But when we talk to people on the phone. They love that we do this love. They pay us so much lip service. They totally get what we're doing. Why isn't it making a difference in the metrics? And it's like, what's going on there. Okay, let's talk to the people that have been doing it consistently. Let's talk to people who kind of like played around with it. What's their experience? Look like doing it? These are now not customer interviews, but consumer.
Kevin Kaspar: And that's kind of that shift.
Kevin Kaspar: She seemed to carry a very like voracious curiosity
Kevin Kaspar: as a researcher while also running your business. How do you like keep that so
Kevin Kaspar: like.
Kevin Kaspar: consistent and strong, because I can imagine for so many other founders, especially ones, that we work with. We know
Kevin Kaspar: that, like their focus becomes execution in an obsessive way, without maintaining the awareness of what's going on with their customers as they go.
Kevin Kaspar: What are
Kevin Kaspar: you doing this for?
Kevin Kaspar: And so it's like
Kevin Kaspar: I. This is me at my ideal eyes.
Kevin Kaspar: State, I don't always live up to this expectation of myself. I try to set myself up to the best of my ability to do it. But when I don't, I gain awareness over that back, and I bring myself back to what am I doing this for?
Kevin Kaspar: I'm doing it for my customers. I'm doing it because.
Kevin Kaspar: like, build an app that teaches people how to cook like that's like a fun one for me at least, and then I do it because I work with really, really, really talented
Kevin Kaspar: and it's like
Kevin Kaspar: they are.
Kevin Kaspar: The seeds of a worldview are forming, and they are executing in a way that plays very strongly to their individuality. And that drives energy.
Kevin Kaspar: And so
Kevin Kaspar: what changes do I need to make in the moment to better build. This is where, like, we'll talk later, like a lot of what we'll talk about later. Is going to have less to do with the jobs element of the business. It's going to have more to do with
Kevin Kaspar: How am I setting my people up for success right and and for me it's like again, like, why, why do I care about leadership? Is it because, like, I'm a strong leader who is like so impressive and like knows exactly where we're going. No, it's like I'm humbled. The fact that I I don't know where we're going. And so it's like, how do we?
Kevin Kaspar: It's almost like there's a huge disconnect you're like, well, if I'm going to run a successful business, then I have to understand my customers. I'm not saying, my customers that I have to clearly do these things consistently. Yes, in order to have that understanding in order to execute. Yep, that's right. Like, don't like, yeah, it's going to be really easy to trick yourself. Otherwise there's a difference between being busy and being productive. And like.
Kevin Kaspar: it's so easy. It is just like, if there are people that just love
Kevin Kaspar: telling themselves about how much they're doing in the systems of work through which they're executing, it is startup founders in particular, startup founder creators. It's like, there's this entire industry. It's just as they create anxiety. It's like
Kevin Kaspar: You're not. The idea of you're not doing enough is absurd. It's like, absolutely, it's fundamentally absurd. But it's very easy, because people talk about risk in this. But they don't talk enough about ambiguity and what weighs on you is the ambiguity. It's the not knowing what comes next. And so it's like
Kevin Kaspar: again for me personally how I best operate is, I'm gonna put myself in the best position to succeed. Given that, I'm aware of that fact. And to do that, gotta talk to the people that are are using our product.
Kevin Kaspar: have to like, yeah, it's just it's just a must. Or we had a question. I mean.
Kevin Kaspar: so like, it's been a good amount of time since I was planning on asking my question, and I I guess it's sort of evolved
Kevin Kaspar: what do you do to actually put yourself in a position where these interviews or these insights are basically coming to you. And you don't have to spare extra time to get to them, because
Kevin Kaspar: what my initial reaction to what you're saying is that's basically that's basically the genetic lottery of a b 2 c business like, I'm running a b 2 b business right now, and to be able to reach the people, let alone the customer themselves. Okay, cool. So like for us to be able to go out and talk to the end user, let alone the customer who's gonna pay the bill. It takes us
Kevin Kaspar: piece on hand to try and get to reach to one customer and then
Kevin Kaspar: and doing that while building product and then doing that while serving people and then simultaneously building problem, how do we put ourselves in a position where we are able to get these thoughts in a natural, flowing way, because we are at this exact position right now where you're saying, oh, well, if it's like you're getting 2 meetings this week, and then one is lined up next week. You're sort of kicking the can exactly in this position right now, and I don't know how we're gonna dig ourselves out of that. Yeah,
Kevin Kaspar: I can't answer how effective the research has been to date. So I don't know how far along you've come, or if you're in the middle of a reset, I I just am aware that some people in the room are
Kevin Kaspar: resetting, and some people in the room have what they need. And they're just kind of doing the research.
Kevin Kaspar: what?
Kevin Kaspar: Who is the person that buys from you.
Kevin Kaspar: It's basically in in these companies. The end user is the product manager that's deciding on the future of the product game. And then the person who's buying is the person who's the head of product or who's the Vp of it changes
Kevin Kaspar: even on site, general, some in some studios. It's like gaming designer, some studios. It's product manager, some studios. It's video director. What is a what's unique to your 1st customer.
Kevin Kaspar: Do you do you have an insight like, are you?
Kevin Kaspar: Do you know who you're going to be selling first? st Is it dependent on any of those factors, or does that is that we're trying to figure out why doing the jobs. Yeah? Because, as far as we can understand, it changes like in every company we talk to, they've been different people.
Kevin Kaspar: of critical importance. These are the people who have the power to sign the check. Correct?
Kevin Kaspar: So they they're the ultimate decision maker. Yes, in this
Kevin Kaspar: but they change hats from different company to company. I understand that one might be a product manager, and one might be the Vp of product like the product. Managers almost never do it. While the executive layer on these businesses, the heads of departments are most of the time, if not all the people who have the power to sign these.
Kevin Kaspar: but these are the people that we can't reach as well, because even if we were to reach, like even the product managers. We reach the diagram that you showed about, you know, getting to the bedrock of causality like, because we're talking people in business to business terms.
Kevin Kaspar: getting them to, you know, expose some of the underlying motives there is almost not impossible.
Kevin Kaspar: did. Are you making when you talk to these people? Are you talking to them about a recent purchase that they made.
Kevin Kaspar: And it's to solve this problem.
Kevin Kaspar: Typically, do they feel comfortable about
Kevin Kaspar: the solution that they've come to? Are you like? Kind of? When you do, you find yourself kind of rooting about, like to find what's wrong? Like, as far as like we can. We talk with 2, 3 people. Yeah, they always say that, like they tried many things, and they they're still trying to do some other stuff
Kevin Kaspar: but none of them are like effective enough to push forward.
Kevin Kaspar: So they're just doing it. By God's feeling, what does it mean to push something? They have a duty to come to a decision at a certain given time. For example, if they're gonna make a Halloween event, they have to decide on it 2 weeks prior to today, right? And they make the best of what they can. Coming to that decision.
Kevin Kaspar: But then they're just, you know, going with it with the limited amount of information that they're having, and they're not happy with the information that they have making that decision. But they have to do it. I want to pause for a second before you respond. This sounds like a situation might be relevant for a lot of you.
Kevin Kaspar: Is this something you can relate to b 2 b wise. If not, we can just personally talk as well. Yeah, I don't want to take. Well, I just want to make sure, because it's I think it's relevant. What I'm hearing. The question you're framing is
Kevin Kaspar: basically like there are b 2 b customers that are struggling with some version of a solution right now, and it's kind of hard to understand what's working and what isn't. They're not quite happy, but they're not quite ready to switch or change, trying to get a hold of how many conversations have you had? 2 jobs to be done? Conversations and both of those were. We went in with the screening criteria, but that but then we found out mid interview that they didn't fit the screen
Kevin Kaspar: criteria, but ended up giving us useful information about their, you know, prey, but we still have to redone them on a different purchase. That they've done, which you know, sort of changed. Our screening criteria is too narrow, and we can't even like
Kevin Kaspar: figure out if they fit or not. After we talk with them like for 10 min. What
Kevin Kaspar: they can't they don't understand going into the call that they
Kevin Kaspar: don't fit your screening criteria. No, we we realize mid call that. You know, these people have not had the experience that we were looking for in order to get them to fit the criteria, basically. And it's not like I, I would say, maybe I'm deluded. But I think it's not impossible to make sure that this person has made that purchase, because.
Kevin Kaspar: going into that conversation prior to that conversation, asking that person, well, have you made a purchase about, you know? Have have you hired a community manager in the last 5 weeks? And if not, you know we can't do the interview. Yeah, I just, you know, through a timeframe.
Kevin Kaspar: How are you sourcing these? Do you have a networking gaming? Well, we're we're networking through. Obviously, we are using. We, we use the technique. And then that helped out quite a bit.
Kevin Kaspar: No.
Kevin Kaspar: give it a shot. You are niche so you may run into a problem, respond I/OI find a lot of success. $30 for 30 min
Kevin Kaspar: to talk about this. Set up that screening criteria and see if we can.
Kevin Kaspar: you can also, like we can. We can dig in a little bit deeper here. What I would say is, if you can't find people who have made a purchase
Kevin Kaspar: that you would be looking to appeal to in the past like, how are you gonna find customers? And so it's like, you're gonna these, this is an issue that you're gonna have to deal with, no matter what ideally you were able to find people
Kevin Kaspar: who have made like
Kevin Kaspar: basically your business. You're you're trying to sell the people who haven't had a successful purchase.
Kevin Kaspar: And you can't find people who have had the successful purchase event, right? So no matter what, it's going to be a useful exercise for you in terms of
Kevin Kaspar: how to find how to source, how to go to market, where they hang out like what again
Kevin Kaspar: it he does call Don. It'll piss you off. But it's really it's real like it's definitely
Kevin Kaspar: yeah. lilliana used to be like, love the hunt. But yeah, it's
Kevin Kaspar: like, this is your, yeah, you're gonna have to go to market right? So you're gonna have to like sort through this.
Kevin Kaspar: it is extremely important that you're able to like. Get
Kevin Kaspar: some people on the phone to get some signal.
Kevin Kaspar: You in this conversation have said that, like the purchasing decision is made within close proximity to a an event that's already insight like that's already a timeline, for when you know that you would need to get in front of people and what those events might be. So you have like the seeds of something there. But
Kevin Kaspar: yeah, you definitely like, I think respondent is a great, great 1st step you're talking about. You guys just raised $120,000. I'm asking for $300 like in in the what the return on that investment is is a coherent go to market like it's just like
Kevin Kaspar: again. You don't need to do it also, like there are other ways to go to market outside of jobs. But
Kevin Kaspar: This goes into the other like
Kevin Kaspar: it's the jungle you're owed nothing. I think if you guys came from industry like, there's this classic like, it's capitalism on the way up. And like just like cronyism on the way down at this point. But like you're in fucking jungle like no one's gonna like
Kevin Kaspar: you're gonna have to figure out how to gain these
Kevin Kaspar: is no matter what might as well do it when you're actually getting
Kevin Kaspar: or like, if you
Kevin Kaspar: okay, we have Georgian inflow.
Kevin Kaspar: So when you're sourcing respondents who are like fresh. You've never contacted. You never go to respondent
Kevin Kaspar: when we're not talking to people from zest, respond
Kevin Kaspar: the response entirely.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, okay, yeah. It might again. Like, if you're I don't know if many of these people like you guys are in a position where you are. But
Kevin Kaspar: we have a lot of b 2 b. It's not about B, 2 B. It's about like I don't. This is not me passing judgment. I know nothing about your industry. I know nothing about your company. But like.
Kevin Kaspar: if you're building a business for venture scale, you've got to make sure that there are enough people willing to make actually sign the check out there. It might be hard to
Kevin Kaspar: source
Kevin Kaspar: those people through respondent like, which company are you guys? Okay, so yeah, it's
Kevin Kaspar: it. You guys should, I think, have a better time on respondent.
Kevin Kaspar: It's very better right.
Kevin Kaspar: All of these things, once you get into the specifics are going to be unique. But I think the critical thing also is like
Kevin Kaspar: you need someone making the purchase. So if that's the CEO, that's the CEO. But you might really quickly find out. You actually don't need to be on the phone with the CEO every time. And then it's also.
Kevin Kaspar: oh, boy, oh, yeah, alright, very cool. But yeah, that's like.
Kevin Kaspar: so my question goes back to whenever you did those clusters of jobs to be done, and you now have 4 clusters, or doesn't matter which round whether that was when the customer turned.
Kevin Kaspar: How do you actually say? Oh, I think it's really this one like is the energy is that there's that many people that feel the same pain. Is it the strongest pain? What is it that you take into account? This is a great question. Also what company?
Kevin Kaspar: Flat? The shark?
Kevin Kaspar: Oh, interesting. Okay, yeah, yeah. Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: So
Kevin Kaspar: you don't know, like, you just have to go. And if you're seeing traction around the idea. Then that's your cluster.
Kevin Kaspar: I could like, we call this betting
Kevin Kaspar: you essentially just like. And we'll talk like I. We timeframe our bets like, it's like, basically how we how we do this thing. But like, just start getting it out there like, Go on the best of your ability. There are ways like again, like, I have different ways that I'll prioritize action. And so like, we will look at it, and we'll say like.
Kevin Kaspar: if this is true, it will naturally lead into this idea more effectively than if that's true, it'll lead into the the first, st and so we'll start with
Kevin Kaspar: the one that exposes us to the most possibility until proven wrong or not effective enough, in which case we'll move on to the next
Kevin Kaspar: we haven't abandoned any clusters. We just speak more to some than others
Kevin Kaspar: is what safe?
Kevin Kaspar: Totally. Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: I'm just gonna ask a few comments.
Kevin Kaspar: We would try out it. Now. We were
Kevin Kaspar: really interested in survey
Kevin Kaspar: at the end user of our customer.
Kevin Kaspar: Thanks for adopting
Kevin Kaspar: where it was useful.
Kevin Kaspar: You're in the jungle, and you don't really know where it's out. So this could be a nice way for 300 bucks to chat to 10 people, even though they may not be
Kevin Kaspar: pretty important jobs to be done. We're talking about discovery calls.
Kevin Kaspar: but we could ask them a ton of questions that was almost like getting a bit of a compass or a map so that we could then figure out where- where are the actual customer? For the because I think that's probably something to do that
Kevin Kaspar: we would start with
Kevin Kaspar: this. This also, like this is, gonna be way.
Kevin Kaspar: if there's a a highly analogous journey to what you're building, you don't need to interview people on
Kevin Kaspar: like understanding what the hiring and firing criteria is
Kevin Kaspar: for somebody
Kevin Kaspar: who might not be buying exactly what your product is selling like. The the reality is, you're using the wrong language to describe something that you don't know what you're building.
Kevin Kaspar: And so it's like.
Kevin Kaspar: it's
Kevin Kaspar: gonna be very hard to like.
Kevin Kaspar: You can find kind of those analogous
Kevin Kaspar: people who have gone through a similar journey to gain insight. Now, that will not help you again, like with this problem of. I can't find a single person who's willing to pay for, or who has been in the past willing to pay for a solution to what I built
Kevin Kaspar: like that's a pretty strong marketing. But like it's.
Kevin Kaspar: I don't believe that to be the case for you guys, I just think it's like a part of a learning experience.
Kevin Kaspar: Sorry Bobby had his hand over.
Kevin Kaspar: Let me see if I can phrase this in a way that makes sense. But it sounds like there are many degrees of freedom and the choice of what? What product market will look for you in the beginning. So in terms of. We talked about different versions. Of your product.
Kevin Kaspar: Different clusters of interviewees, maybe different verticals. If you're like with us, we are.
Kevin Kaspar: we have to choose whether to build AI space or in video processing or Etl processes.
Kevin Kaspar: So it looks like there are many degrees of freedom here. And it sounds like, you guys, have followed whatever got traction first.st But it sounds like currently you were mentioning. You have different versions of your product, and you're still testing them out like it's it's more of a process than like, Oh, from today onwards we're just gonna build for this cluster. And and then, like
Kevin Kaspar: let everything else go. So I'm wondering what is the process for you. And how do you go about facing that risk of like letting go of a whole bunch of you know, potential customers, or a whole bunch of features
Kevin Kaspar: prioritizing some minor ones that got some initial traction. Yeah, the the lines are gonna really rapidly blur between these things. So the meetings that we have.
Kevin Kaspar: I
Kevin Kaspar: delicately put you're looking for problem solution fit at this point.
Kevin Kaspar: And then, like product market fit is a bit. I find it much more helpful to. It's market product fit. The market exists. It's out there, and it's behaving the way that it's going to
Kevin Kaspar: So
Kevin Kaspar: we
Kevin Kaspar: I want to bring it to a a specific example. But like what we'll do is
Kevin Kaspar: We know
Kevin Kaspar: we don't know exactly how much something is going to move the needle.
Kevin Kaspar: What I do know is the general magnitude and direction that I need to move the needle in. And so, like
Kevin Kaspar: our our thing is a system. Now, this is not what we are doing in techstars. But it is
Kevin Kaspar: this is not what we were doing in techstart. This is a result of the conversation that we had last board meeting, because I'm gonna show up, and I'm gonna kick everyone's ass. That's right. But it is
Kevin Kaspar: we. These are things that we were doing in techstars, how they evolved over time. Right? So leverage, still, big part program, 100%. Alright, you guys have a revenue formula and you have a financial model.
Kevin Kaspar: I have a struggling moment.
Kevin Kaspar: I can't tell my investor what we're working on to solve the most pressing areas of business. I can't even convince him that those are the most pressing areas of the business, because the guy is not willing to listen to more than a sentence of my my voice.
Kevin Kaspar: And so what I've done is. This is not actually entirely like you have to earn what now he's like in. But what? And he actually is the one that prompted Lenny is funny enough to bring full full circle is somebody that gave me some inspiration here. But basically I have a problem also with my team. I have a financial model that report on to them, hey? This is how we're doing in terms of our projections month over month. But it doesn't mean anything to the person that's redoing our onboarding
Kevin Kaspar: we're working with micro. Why does that actually matter that, like we grew within 5% of our projected range?
Kevin Kaspar: the revenue point matters so it boils up to the secondary kpis, which all multiply together to the primary Kpi
Kevin Kaspar: which is lifetime revenue from a customer that's like, just like what we look at
Kevin Kaspar: when you're talking about, like whether or not it's worth it to this. I'm sorry. A long, winded way of getting here. But you're you're talking about like. Is it worth it to ship this totally new thing? The only way that I can answer that is how big of a difference. Do you think that's gonna make? And we look at that on a month over month basis, basically breaking it down by alright.
Kevin Kaspar: This is how this is us. This is how the desk works in most ugly, like fire vendor type way possible. Up top people come in. We spend money to acquire customers. We start trials. We then convert to paid for a certain amount of money for a certain amount of time
Kevin Kaspar: that generates lifetime revenue. Everybody's business has a function that looks like this.
Kevin Kaspar: This it is a sample that I just like quickly made George. This is what you prompted me to do when you asked me your question. But I this is so. Hey? Last month this is what we actually did right, and I break it down for my team. Here is what I wanted to do last month.
Kevin Kaspar: So we were 40% off when we related to our trial started. That's because we missed our our trial start our cost per trial by 70%. What that ultimately ends up laddering into is missing bottom line revenue in terms of target by
Kevin Kaspar: 63%, which is like we missed by $20,000. We have $20,000 on the table last month because we didn't hit our targets. Holy shit! We have room for improvement, and then it's like, that's not even where we want to end. Where I want to end is this long term target, where we missed by 80%, where I could have for the same amount of money into the business generated. Again, like 1.8 times the amount of lifetime revenue.
Kevin Kaspar: I break this down on an annual and a monthly thing. But then it's like, so what like? Oh, damn! That's really stressful. We're really doing bad right now. But it's like, no, we're not because we have 3 different types of work that we're that we're working. We have things that are in black. This is the predictable versus unpredictable that we're talking about where it's things are in black. I know that they're going to help our business, we need to do it to keep the lights on. They are systems.
Kevin Kaspar: At this point these things just happen. And like again, you talk about making time, for, like all of these things, it's like it just has to be able to slot in that we're able to keep these things operational.
Kevin Kaspar: Then there are things that are in blue. These are the high risk, unvalidated bets that we're currently taking to dramatically improve the business. They ladder up to each secondary kpi here. So again, you have like, for example, discounts in our paywall. It's a huge thing in consumer subscription apps. There is just the way our brains work is nutty. And it's
Kevin Kaspar: thing that we're currently looking at with the business.
Kevin Kaspar: Then you have things in gray. These are things that are either recently deprioritized or things that are just on the cusp. I want to keep them top of mind, but I'm not going to do anything with it.
Kevin Kaspar: We reevaluate these every period of time. We'll get into how that works later. But again, this isn't like I woke up one morning and I was like, I'm gonna make a revenue form. And this is what came out. This is like.
Kevin Kaspar: it's not working, because when we do it it doesn't help like things aren't moving the way that I need them to move. Or I have open ended questions because things are breaking. And when I say it's like this is the best, worst possible version of a solution. We're gonna talk again. And this won't be what we're doing anymore. Or maybe like it. Just eventually this tool will break down, and then we'll move on to the next.
Kevin Kaspar: But the key is that the foundations are laid so like we talk about like this is where levers really matters, because it's not. I think the trick in levers
Kevin Kaspar: is
Kevin Kaspar: in the name.
Kevin Kaspar: What we're doing right now is not finding our levers for growth within a business. Don't have that level of traction that's not us. That's you. What you're doing is laying the foundation such that you can establish the levers of growth within your business, and that's going to come through revenue formula that's going to come through a financial model which again is going to be tightened projections over time. That's going to come through jobs. I have like the things that I no doubt about, right? So that's like an empathetic perspective, uncovering demand. This is systems, thinking that we were thinking about like causally
Kevin Kaspar: examining how things work both within the business and in the customer journey, making trade offs to actually ship something. Not just talk about shipping stuff. And then prototyping. It's like an expression that everything ladders. Okay, great. You have the foundation catch, like ism. All of a sudden these systems start to magnify out of that, and ultimately become something that if I was in your seat right now. And I looked at this. I'd be like what?
Kevin Kaspar: So it's like it just it happens it happens over time.
Kevin Kaspar: Did you already recommend them to read the chapter and levers about this. Well, we no, we didn't recommend it specifically. Yeah, yeah, I think people are going to wonder, like, where do I find more about revenue? So this is the revenue formula as it relates. And lovers you will get. Actually, it's literally just this topic.
Kevin Kaspar: So we're still gonna teach revenue.
Kevin Kaspar: I think I've abbreviated virtually.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, there's a workshop on this. Okay.
Kevin Kaspar: yes.
Kevin Kaspar: it it is. It is a marketing funnel that ties together the qualitative elements of work in the business and the quantitative elements. But the bottom line is like without just the premise here, and who, I know, I got your question a second, but like
Kevin Kaspar: you want to know what's going on, and you want to face the truth and entrepreneurs that don't do the work to document and actually measure what's going on are just trying to ignore something that's awkward, that they don't want to actually find out, because it'll be really
Kevin Kaspar: uncomfortable when talking to investors about the thing that you know, that's not quite flattering about where your business stands. Yeah, you're gonna like, constantly have a we're living in a dream moment. It's like you want to constantly be
Kevin Kaspar: doing what you need to wake yourself up out of it.
Kevin Kaspar: And that's
Kevin Kaspar: again. These are aspirational. It's like at your best. You will be doing this, but don't let the at your best situation not, or prevent you from starting, because it's all happening. All this shit is like. This is already the way that your business is functioning. It's just whether or not you choose to acknowledge it. Yep.
Kevin Kaspar: but who are? And then and then.
Kevin Kaspar: you know, question was super relevant for us. And I I can't wrap my head around the fact that so he's asking a question of. We have different segments that we could drill on like, let's say you're complete. You're done with 12 jobs to be done, and you're deciding on a cluster like.
Kevin Kaspar: I think we have to come to the realization of like the the thing that you're showing on the screen right now, like this is
Kevin Kaspar: so intangible to the point where doing those jobs to be done won't generate this table for us like there's no way. This all all of this. All these numbers will have to be made up to like to be able to, you know, create this.
Kevin Kaspar: even half the level of this detailed, you know thing. And then you're telling us basically to okay, decide on the segment where it makes the most sense in your financial model. But my financial model is not out there yet, because I don't have a customer, and I don't know which customer I should be serving first.st How am I gonna decide which customer I'm gonna be serving first, st based on a financial model with variables that are completely random, almost like, how's that? Gonna
Kevin Kaspar: how's that gonna work? Like, if you're gonna do it based on variables that are like
Kevin Kaspar: without the data and without the data of you know, putting those, you know, can you scroll up a bit
Kevin Kaspar: like saying that, like the trial started X total market expand X, like those things like, okay, you can make a projection. But number of dollars spent per cooking per month. Like being able to put that number there implies that you have prior data to be able to show that people are willing to pay this amount for this activity like, how are we gonna decide on on that when we don't have a product ourselves yet
Kevin Kaspar: that one we want this one. Sorry?
Kevin Kaspar: Oh.
Kevin Kaspar: but echoing his words, what don't have the data so like ahead of the the path that
Kevin Kaspar: you guys look like you're figuring out very well, what is? Yeah, what is the approach to?
Kevin Kaspar: Let's see.
Kevin Kaspar: he understands the question, I think.
Kevin Kaspar: what is that?
Kevin Kaspar: The exact same thing?
Kevin Kaspar: But like, a year ago, yeah. Didn't have all the numbers. Yeah. He thought about it before he had it. Q. 2, 2023.
Kevin Kaspar: I get it. But the numbers there are know, how am I gonna create? It's a double of like, I'm gonna create one of this for one segment and then the other for the other segment. And how am I gonna compare them when I don't have the numbers?
Kevin Kaspar: How am I gonna decide which one to go for? He doesn't have the number. So that's 1 tactic, one tactic would be, you do your jobs. You've done interviews. You're able to essentially size up what that initial like sum you would call it
Kevin Kaspar: would look like. And then you just model it out. I mean.
Kevin Kaspar: I can again. I can like kind of show you. I don't think that it would be useful at this point to show how we do this at our stage. But.
Kevin Kaspar: I don't know
Kevin Kaspar: you. Everything in what you just said. It sounds like a gripe, but it is actually quite empowering. You already know everything that you need to know. You can do something you just you just said like what you're saying with, I have imperfect information. I'm gonna do the jobs to be done, and I have no idea how to get here. Like, yeah, totally. That's right.
Kevin Kaspar: that that's entirely correct. You're gonna do these clusters. And you don't know which one to move after first.st
Kevin Kaspar: Right. If you did way, more people would find businesses and way. More people would do it successfully.
Kevin Kaspar: But you went in, though sorry to jump in, just to be clear, you went in saying, but the data you don't have the data. And he just showed you I didn't either. So what? What say? It's so what's gonna happen is like, you're gonna reach a point with this. And and I can go back even further, I can go back to programs. And it's like
Kevin Kaspar: we. It gets even like kind of dumber than this. It is.
Kevin Kaspar: You need to put things in a position to break, or else you will not learn.
Kevin Kaspar: You need to do it wrong, because if you don't do it wrong, then you're not gonna move.
Kevin Kaspar: I I understand the notion of walking with imperfect information. What I don't understand is how you're structuring. But how do you move from this to deciding on which segment to go for can you show us another segment. And I think, like what you're basically telling is in my mind.
Kevin Kaspar: You will get some information. Then you will have some like educated assumptions, then try error, learn from that and iterate. You have to have some assumption that certain level.
Kevin Kaspar: because we don't have that numbers. But when we try that like when we try. When we try that strategy out, the numbers will start to show up so we can iterate and work on it again. That's all about like that. That's entirely right.
Kevin Kaspar: It's you're gonna these systems, every single thing that you set up right now, it's like.
Kevin Kaspar: do you think Mark Benioff, just like stood that all up on day, one like it's like, no, this stuff changes, and if you look at it even like I think that it gets scarier when you get more tactical. The reason that you're feeling anxiety right now is because you're actually not that close from having that other thing. It's that you have to do a couple of things before you get up
Kevin Kaspar: and you're gonna do it in a different timeline, a different timeframe than we did it. But you'll feel it like you. Once you start with putting these things in place, you will feel when it's not working. And also at 1st it's gonna happen really quickly, because you're gonna stand shit up. And you're gonna be like, no one uses this this completely like not helpful or not tactical for us. It's not adding any value now, like, there's the one version, you gotta actually
Kevin Kaspar: do it. It depends how important the thing is. Right. So like for jobs interviews. You can't dismiss them without ever doing them, or you can, at your own peril. But like I wouldn't. Then you have like stuff like this. You might not like find that this is tactically useful for you.
Kevin Kaspar: for my team. This exercise full transparency full transparently. Was not that useful? We didn't. I forced it to happen every single quarter, and it it did, and we would tighten it a little bit. But then we wouldn't look at it. It would come back and we'd look at it again. And then, all of a sudden, 6 months ago, it became the most important document in our entire.
Kevin Kaspar: and it's like I couldn't predict it. But what I could do is that we're coming together, and we're just sinking. It's like you're growing a boat right now, like it's really easy to remain remain aligned. But it's just like it'll like, really fall off pretty quickly, especially if you're trying to go.
Kevin Kaspar: And so it's like, How do you just keep on moving
Kevin Kaspar: that that forward? There's a meta game here that I want to just call out which is.
Kevin Kaspar: And and I. I like to contextualize things in the in the frame of of fundraising, because I think it helps for some of you.
Kevin Kaspar: when a Vc is uncertain about your business and its prospects.
Kevin Kaspar: but you're able to demonstrate how you think about your business in a really really thoughtful and nuanced and detailed way
Kevin Kaspar: that is impressive enough to get you to the next round. Yeah. So I just want to be clear without having the data without having the traction you go. I don't have those things yet, but here's how I'm thinking about what's gonna happen next. And here's what I'm doing to validate and validate my assumption. This is where you bring me in for. So yeah, so you you I I walk into that room.
Kevin Kaspar: And what I'm able to do is say.
Kevin Kaspar: that's it like you asked me a question. That's fantastic question and the answer like, I don't know retention. Fantastic question on retention right now, churn is at 10% month over month. But that's actually not where we're focused. What we're focused on is activating the cooks, getting them to cook that 1st meal, because when they cook once 3 quarters, then cook twice, and 80% of that people that cook twice, cook 3 times. So if you're investing in our company. What you're investing in is the probability that we will increase that activation rate. Because if we do that, everything else gets better.
Kevin Kaspar: It's like you're gonna have it to a degree that is
Kevin Kaspar: nailed down within the funnel. But we'll talk about it. That hand wavy shit. It's not gonna work. It's like it just won't work. You're what you're gonna walk into a slaughter
Kevin Kaspar: for everyone who was frantically trying to jot down what Jake had up there. This is recorded so you guys can just go back and and look at that. Keep it to yourself. Yeah, please. This is very private.
Kevin Kaspar: No need. This one is not. Thank you for sharing Jake.
Kevin Kaspar: But as
Kevin Kaspar: so for background, I'm a markete. So for me, I'm I would be shocked if someone hadn't gone through this process, we'd like to share it. And I say that with all due respect.
Kevin Kaspar: I really encourage everyone, and I'm happy to volunteer and help with this, because this was my role like strategy.
Kevin Kaspar: It's really important to do this. Now, this is actually a big reason why we pivoted because we started to build out like originally. And then you start to realize that
Kevin Kaspar: such a long journey it's going to be so expensive. It's gonna rely on paid ads. We don't even have a network in, and that's how we've now shifting to be chat more later. But I'm just glad Jay shared it. But I know that at first, st as I said, with all due respect, I was shocked. It's like, why doesn't everyone have this? And then we'll just whisper to me, it's because you're a marketer. So like, please, if I can help us, I'm not saying I'm an expert.
Kevin Kaspar: so whoever does need it go to Dominique, and then, like it's like Dominique will help you guys. You guys will help them. They'll help them. And then, all of a sudden, Dominic's gonna help on something right. But it's not. It's never going to be one to one. It's going to be like it's going to come at you in a way that you don't anticipate. The rising tide lifts all goods
Kevin Kaspar: on Pat for me when we're going through this timeline in your funnel that you can follow their- their journey with jobs to be done so, then you can reverse in here
Kevin Kaspar: at every point. What do I need to hit them with to move them down like to the next part? What would help them. It's it's you're gonna hear. So yeah, what jobs unlocks all the same stuff, right? Considering awareness to consideration, to purchase. But like you're going to get actual stories.
Kevin Kaspar: So you're gonna know what they're going through more effectively. It's just a way of unlocking. And then you're gonna actually get the language like, it's just a it's just a half
Kevin Kaspar: with with the same system. I think that like
Kevin Kaspar: 2 0, 1 level is gonna be that like the idea of funnel starts to drop off because somebody's journey within your product may actually end up intercepting with somebody else's. It's gonna end up. I I found this. We're we're experimenting with this right now, where it's actually a cycle.
Kevin Kaspar: It's a like, can we increase the value through the products to then get more people
Kevin Kaspar: in through the top of funnel does that naturally lend itself to the business? But I'm sorry. Could you explain what you mean by intercepting one user journey intercepts another.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: so an example with like taking example from a successful company, what you have like with somebody like
Kevin Kaspar: what Pinterest does extremely well is not refer people to pinterest. It's not like, get
Kevin Kaspar: Send your friends. It's not the share button. What it is is. When I come in. I give quality signals and indicators with what I'm interacting with, which then I can, which then Pinterest can use to push that information up higher to get people in for the 1st time to then come back in and engage with things, giving them higher quality signals and indicators, which then you turn around and it just becomes actually like a a circle. I I think if this is
Kevin Kaspar: really just kind of
Kevin Kaspar: most tangibly for us. But product like growth, I mean it's use the users to get the users use the users to get the annoying words that people use, that we lose all meaning growth marketing. Good. It's like, unpack that language, and it's like we do this in a way that is tactically useful for the business. Not just a solo shot like. Would you rather make a hundred dollars in revenue today? Or $20 today? 22 next month, 24 next month, and just like, see that that compounds over time. It's like
Kevin Kaspar: everybody should be taking that.
Kevin Kaspar: So are you all starting to gather? Why, after Jake out to hang out with you guys, okay? Cause this is part one of 5.
Kevin Kaspar: So we got a lot more to cover. But I wanted to hit you with full, Jake, like from the jump, and just like, figure out where we went hopefully, we went. Okay, what I want you to do because we're at time. He's got a call at 12, so you can't really bother him right after this, but
Kevin Kaspar: we'll see you in an hour. Go get lunch, have a conversation, reflect, recover, clear your mind, but once you do, I would love to start the session at one o'clock with any other remaining questions about what we talked about, and then we'll move into how Jake runs his business right? This is where it's like, steer me like I I can end up
Kevin Kaspar: going back. I want to be tactically useful. So just continue to kind of drill down because everybody's basic. So now you know how he thinks about jobs we're going to do, how he runs his business in the afternoon at the end of the day, when you all present. That's when we're gonna get pretty serious. That's when it gets real, because we're going to show you what we think of your businesses and where you're at with your process, and we're not going to hold back.